Gentlemen, the White Heron International currently has no leader.
So we've especially organized this deer summit.
To decide the presidential candidate of the white deer country.
In this case, families who intend to participate can progress.
This white deer is the property of my Li family.
I, Li Chengxi, represent the Li family.
All of the Li family's resources will be pumped internationally.
I also have the support of many families.
Do I have the ability?
The Li family is the top family of Daxia.
The power
Become a Prince
If you want to remove the president
Of course there's character.
Except for the Lee family.
Who else wants to run?
Do you want to join too?
It's fun.
He is the commander-in-chief of five departments.
I'm afraid there's something wrong with being in business.
King of mines today is the trade option
You are 5 employees.
This is afraid that there is no such qualification.
If I'm not qualified
What about the butler?